Iran has again warned that the
bombardment of Gaza could have
far-reaching consequences for the region
DSA Jabari has more from
tan the situation in the region is like
a powder cake those words from Iran's
foreign minister Hussein Amir Abdullah
hyan earlier on Sunday he also went on
to say that the uh current events could
spiral out of control very quickly and
once that happens the results could be
severe bitter and have far-reaching
repercussions both regionally and for
those advocating for War uh this is not
the first time we've heard that these uh
sentiments from Iranian officials the
Iranian president Ibrahim RI has also
expressed the fact that the current
ongoing events in Gaza and the constant
bombardment by Israeli forces on the
Palestinian people could have
far-reaching consequences now uh when it
comes to the recent uh attacks on us
interests in the region uh the Iranians
have not not officially commented but we
had heard from Iran supreme leader
Ayatollah Ali K last Tuesday who did
Issue a warning of what was to come he
said Muslim nations are very angry and
it will be hard to control people's
emotions he uh did say that if the um
Zionist regime continues its crimes no
one can stop the Muslim resistance
groups and they shouldn't expect the
groups to be prevented from taking
action nobody can stop them when they
get angry this was uh last last week by
Iran supreme leader obviously hinting at
what was to come but for now the Iranian
officials have not uh commented on the
attacks that have been taking place on
us interests but of course Iran holds
the United States solely responsible for
enabling Israel to carry out what it
calls uh war crimes against the
Palestinian people dorso Jabari Al jazer
tahan